DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-9890 to support Table of Contents 1.2.0 in the 6.7 Release Notes. (#2912)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

==== ToC toolbar button and menu item are now disabled when the selection is not editable
// TINY-9890
In previous versions of the xref:tableofcontents.adoc[Table of contents], a UI issue occurred when the Table of Contents plugin was active, and the user's cursor or selection was placed within a section of the editor that was set as `non-editable`.

> This lead to an unintended consequence, where the Table of Contents toolbar button remained visible to the user despite the users cursor or selection being within a `non-editable` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lead to an unintended consequence, where the Table of Contents toolbar button remained enabled despite the users cursor or selection being within a `non-editable` element.
```
